[PWA-2014] [DOC]: Add additional guidelines for overriding Adapter (#3395)
magento/pwa-studio: pwa-devdocs/src/tutorials/pwa-studio-fundamentals/modify-site-footer/index.md

+ import App from './components/App';
```

> If your file `src/index.js` doesn't have the import for **App, {AppContextProvider}**, you probably have the import of Adapter component. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your `src/index.js` file doesn't define the `import` statement for **App, {AppContextProvider}**, it might instead define an `import` statement for the Adapter component. 
```

Reviewer: ~~What do you mean by "you probably have the import of Adapter component"?~~ 
Figured it out after reading through the rest of the topic. :)

> In this case, you have to create your Adapter component inside `src/components`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If true, you need to add the Adapter component to your project's `src/components` directory, as follows:
```

> In order to do that, you have to create its directory and copy the component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```sh
mkdir -p src/components/Adapter && \
cp node_modules/@magento/venia-ui/lib/components/Adapter/adapter.js src/components/Adapter
```

Open the file `adapter.js` in your `src/components` and make the following changes:

```diff
- import App, { AppContextProvider } from '@magento/venia-ui/lib/components/App';
+ import { AppContextProvider } from '@magento/venia-ui/lib/components/App';
+ import App from '../App';
```

Create the `index.js` inside your Adapter directory to create its default Adapter component.

```js

> export { default } from './container'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export { default } from './adapter'
```

Reviewer: Either a copy-paste error or I'm missing something...

```

Finally, go back to your file `src/index.js` and change the import of the Adapter component:

```diff
- import Adapter from '@magento/venia-ui/lib/components/Adapter';

> + import Adapter from './components/Adapter/adapter';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ import Adapter from './components/Adapter/';
```

Reviewer: Again, I might be missing something about using the `container` App wrapper above, but that seems weird if `container` is correct...

Author: thanks @bdenham you're right, missed that one.
